parents here.
We're going to see how to create a CS refile using python.
Right.
So let me make this simple by transcript just to create a CSP.
Fine.
So whenever if you want to create a CSC fight first ofall unity imports es remodel into
your by landscape Let me try the skip numbers.
Create CSP if I got so I want to create a CS before insanity imports es we first like so
let me create any CS We file in any location.
Let me create a file in this location,
right?
Yeah.
See that?
That it weaken take.
You are required.
Suppose required file are recorded states before I look awesome.
X rayed your dot c a sweet,
but very want to start this.
That's why it's better to provide complete,
but for your file.
So suppose I want to create my CSP file somewhere in this box.
So this is the part where I want to store my CSP file.
And then what is the name you want to create here?
I mean,
40 or so years before let's say the more Darcy s weak.
That's a right.
See you guys.
If you have a CSP file.
If you want to read the content off your CSB will waterboarding First,
you're opening your file.
Read more.
But here we want to write a content into your CSS file than what we have to do is you need
to weapon this in right more.
That's it,
then finally,
we had to close it.
Between this,
you'd write a content into your CS.
We fight,
right?
Fine.
See?
Yeah,
I really One thing.
First of all,
I'm going toe leave the convent,
then.
Based on that,
I will try to convert that escape.
I think you have a file Cornu in four.
Right.
Let me read the file Country.
So we are going to create an object it called reader object.
So you are seeing a sweet really seem like simply content,
whatever it may be,
So simply see us.
We thought,
reader.
So you are passing your object,
then delimited because toe Come on,
then,
for each roll,
right in your CIA.
Sweet.
Read that.
Then you are able to print each room.
Yes.
I'm goingto get something.
What is that?
What happened?
Required for Yeah.
Sorry.
That is available.
Like I mentioned as it string.
That's not good inside available.
You have a file name?
Yeah.
Now it's good right here.
The limiter for this file.
This pipeline like,
let me take biplane as my day limiter.
So if you have the each row is like a one list Like,
See,
now what I'm doing is based on these steps,
so reading issues to file is very easy the same way.
If we convert this into to write the controversy is we fight,
then it's very simple.
Let me take now,
create.
Even.
I'm going to come in this file as well.
Not just a comfort those steps and tell me so I want to create a file called the more dot
CS We so previously you open your fight for read.
Now I want to open this file toe right.
The content so required file right more.
That's it.
So previously you created object called CSP leader to read the content from your file
object.
But now I want to create a writer.
Nothing.
Is that instead off reader,
right?
See that I want to create their CIA sweetie.
Right?
You don't need to take this variable.
Exactly.
Can take any variable,
right?
So I'm taking CS three daughters,
right for your file.
Object.
Then let me take deli meat up as of no,
I'm going to take it as a comma.
Qamar Biplane.
Women see for different symbols.
I'm in different millimeters,
right?
Fine.
No Finally unit to close your file.
No,
you need to write some content.
Do you will see a street fight night.
See whenever.
If you're reading the content from your sees before what you're getting,
you're getting a list the same way.
But nobody.
If you want to store the content into your CSE file,
each line must be like a rule.
That room must be like a list.
That list consist off your columns.
Nothing is that Let's say I want those store my head up.
Right?
Let me clear.
Sahara Suppose so.
CSP right that dot Right.
Throw your toe right.
You rule.
So what is our role?
Our room must be a list As of now on that list consists off different values.
Each value is like a one column in the worse es with a tick serial number.
Let me take name on.
Let me take is not so as of know what I did I created only Heather Part.
I created only Heather Park.
Let me save it on Run it!
It's done.
Let me go to my dad.
A tree where I'm creating on there is a file called them or let me we open it are enough
for text.
If I deliberately,
I'm going to warm it using your exit.
Let me open it and see the data.
Yes,
You're able to get your data in your CSP file.
Whatever you have that you are able to a weapon with Your Excellency serial number,
name and age.
Not only with that,
you can also weapon this file using some not back.
Yes,
You are getting by default.
But is somebody you're getting,
comma,
You're not mentioning comma to create your sister filed by default.
If you don't mention any day limiter,
then by default he will see us free money.
Retake Delamuraz Comma guys,
this is not your delimit er this is the separator.
Anyone list this.
Come on on this comma,
they're not equal,
right?
See that?
What I'm doing is now in Turn off this one.
Let me close this file.
No,
I'm going to take Dilemma.
Dress pipeline.
No,
save it on money and see the result.
Open your file.
I'm going to open it using first of all with your place.
See,
now you're separately are getting automatically You are delimited or separator between
columns.
You're getting as pipeline symbol that no,
we know that in case it have a pipeline symbol to separate your columns,
then your extensive gone to open directly.
Const separated over columns.
You know you have to separate it by selecting your column than data text to columns.
Right then the limiter,
then injured or for tab or colon or semicolon or comma.
He had to provide Babb Saudi by plants in Well,
I mean,
whatever the delivery are using to create,
that's it.
So that we will separate.
That's fine.
No,
as I know how many of those you already only 100 body or you had it in here right now at
MIT,
a comma as the separate that you can take anything.
No,
I want to write some foster rule as well.
So just to take this object dark right rule.
Then again provide a list which consists off suppose serial number one name.
Let's say some John is let's say 23.
Say we don't burn it.
Go and open your file.
See the output?
You have a small confusion here.
Yes,
your data is there.
Here.
But the thing is,
you are also getting an empty line here,
right?
So they if you are working with fight on three then let me show you that.
Let me close this file in your script.
While opening your file,
you have to write new lying equals toe MP.
There isn't fight on to just write the injured off the snow.
Just like w me.
WB more.
That's it.
This is for fight on two in python three.
You heard right in this room?
No.
Let me save it on.
Really?
On What happened?
Sorry.
Yeah,
new line.
That's a single word.
Not underscore right now.
Open your file here.
Now see the result.
Now you don't know any empty lines in your CSB file?
It's working perfectly.
So there is a small difference.
We didn't fight on three and two in by country.
You had to write New Line E cosi.
MTV hasn't bite onto a hard right.
Simply WB right in binary.
Right.
That's fine.
In case if you want to ride one more line.
I mean,
one more rule.
I again want a heart.
Today you're to take Righter than right through then property list That least consist off
your number off columns like Let's say so.
That is the date I want to store.
Save it and run it.
Open your file and see the result.
No,
in case So,
actually,
this operation I'm in,
right,
bro,
is helpful while writing you are really time scripts.
So But,
you know,
you're going to work with some multiple servers and to get the content off each and every
server like,
let's say my CSP file should be in this way.
Serial number.
Sorry.
Our name on what is a waste name for that?
On what is up time for that,
right?
Suppose what is the what share of that.
So one serial number 234 server name.
Well,
his name.
What is the question?
What is the time?
What about pretty in surrounding What is the Joe version?
By finding tool right?
One by one.
Server information docs refined.
We will see this type of skit while going forward.
Like so as off.
No,
in case if you have big data off it through.
If you want to write that rule,
you can write by using.
Right?
Right.
Pro operation.
Instead of that,
I suppose I want to write.
I get I'm all Ruth.
I want right at a time all rose into my C s.
We in a single shot,
then?
Yeah.
You have a one more operation car,
right,
Rose.
Then provide your rose as a list off list values.
If you remember while printing list off your reader Absurd what you're getting You're
getting a list which consists off some number off values on each value is again a list off
values right now,
the same way in a reversal,
we are going toe right.
See,
Nothing is they're very simple.
Let me take first my data as I'm taking you can also take any variable.
Also my data A list which consists off foster value as a list off your header 100 as a list
as a foster value.
Second value this information again as a list.
Second values also one row row is nothing.
But at least you need to remember that.
Then that's it.
Now let me save it on before that late model it our file.
Even if it is there,
no bottom.
You know,
if it is in right more,
your previous content will be deliver and new data will be Rita.
Yeah.
No,
I'm going to save it and run it.
What happened?
Oh,
sorry.
CSC,
right?
That right,
Rose.
So what is the your data?
So I have to provide that I mr that my data A list which consist off values.
Each of olive is like a one row is nothing but a list in your series before and that's it.
So we're done money.
Open your location and see the data.
Yes,
Demo is there.
Open it on.
See the condiments,
right.
See on dramatically are able to get your data here.
Nothing.
So if you want to store at the time you are all rules.
Yes,
you can do it using in this way also.
Right,
So engine off this if you want to write one by one rule But nobody for getting information
.
I would suppose party instead of work.
Then you can also use this operation,
right?
So most of the times I will use this operation are you can also use this one also just too
right there.
What?
They taught their time.
All they were Rose.
Right?
So based on situation will use anyone off that.
Okay,
we'll see that.
Ah,
one real time scenario to use effectively this CSP file.
We're going forward,
Right?
Okay.
These away.
How to write a CS we file using your fight on or how to create a C C five years in your
fight on.
Okay.
Thank you for watching this video.